.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/meeting_minutes.md, before:

---
name: "\U0001F91D Distinguished Engineer Community SIG Meeting Minutes"
about: To track Distinguished Engineer Community SIG meeting agenda and attendance
title: DD MMM YYYY - Distinguished Engineer Community SIG Meeting Minutes
labels: meeting
assignees: 

---

## Date
YYYYMMDD - time

## Meeting Details
- Meeting link: https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/94448504669?password=eae95588-ef7e-4d50-a03b-7e8c64fb14d0
- Register for future meetings: https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/94448504669?password=eae95588-ef7e-4d50-a03b-7e8c64fb14d0&invite=true

## Untracked attendees
- Fullname, Affiliation, (optional) GitHub username
- ...

## Meeting notices
- FINOS **Project leads** are responsible for observing the FINOS guidelines for [running project meetings](https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/meeting-procedures/). Project maintainers can find additional resources in the [FINOS Maintainers Cheatsheet](https://community.finos.org/docs/finos-maintainers-cheatsheet).

- **All participants** in FINOS project meetings are subject to the [LF Antitrust Policy](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy/), the [FINOS Community Code of Conduct](https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/code-of-conduct) and all other [FINOS policies](https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/#policies). 

- FINOS meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of FINOS and the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws. Please contact legal@finos.org with any questions.

- FINOS project meetings may be recorded for use solely by the FINOS team for administration purposes. In very limited instances, and with explicit approval, recordings may be made more widely available.

## Agenda
- [ ] Convene & roll call (5mins)
- [ ] Display [FINOS Antitrust Policy summary slide](https://community.finos.org/Compliance-Slides/Antitrust-Compliance-Slide.pdf) 
- [ ] Review Meeting Notices (see above)
- [ ] Approve past meeting minutes
- [ ] Agenda item 1
- [ ] Agenda item 2
- [ ] ...
- [ ] AOB, Q&A & Adjourn (5mins)

## Decisions Made
- [ ] Decision 1
- [ ] Decision 2
- [ ] ...

## Action Items
- [ ] Action 1
- [ ] Action 2
- [ ] ...

Commit message:

Updating meeting minutes tempalte
Minor update to the meeting minutes template to give instructions on commenting on the issue to track attendence and setting issue type to meeting

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/meeting_minutes.md, after:

---
name: "\U0001F91D Distinguished Engineer Community SIG Meeting Minutes"
about: To track Distinguished Engineer Community SIG meeting agenda and attendance
title: DD MMM YYYY - Distinguished Engineer Community SIG Meeting Minutes
labels: meeting
type: meeting

---

## Date
YYYYMMDD - time

## Meeting Details
- Meeting link: https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/94448504669?password=eae95588-ef7e-4d50-a03b-7e8c64fb14d0
- Register for future meetings: https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/94448504669?password=eae95588-ef7e-4d50-a03b-7e8c64fb14d0&invite=true

## Tracking attendance
Please comment on this issue with your name and affiliation to help track attendence. If you are unable to comment on a GitHub issue, please let the chair know to add you to the list below:

### Untracked attendees
- Fullname, Affiliation, (optional) GitHub username
- ...

## Meeting notices
- FINOS **Project leads** are responsible for observing the FINOS guidelines for [running project meetings](https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/meeting-procedures/). Project maintainers can find additional resources in the [FINOS Maintainers Cheatsheet](https://community.finos.org/docs/finos-maintainers-cheatsheet).

- **All participants** in FINOS project meetings are subject to the [LF Antitrust Policy](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy/), the [FINOS Community Code of Conduct](https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/code-of-conduct) and all other [FINOS policies](https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/#policies). 

- FINOS meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of FINOS and the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws. Please contact legal@finos.org with any questions.

- FINOS project meetings may be recorded for use solely by the FINOS team for administration purposes. In very limited instances, and with explicit approval, recordings may be made more widely available.

## Agenda
- [ ] Convene & roll call (5mins)
- [ ] Display [FINOS Antitrust Policy summary slide](https://community.finos.org/Compliance-Slides/Antitrust-Compliance-Slide.pdf) 
- [ ] Review Meeting Notices (see above)
- [ ] Approve past meeting minutes
- [ ] Agenda item 1
- [ ] Agenda item 2
- [ ] ...
- [ ] AOB, Q&A & Adjourn (5mins)

## Decisions Made
- [ ] Decision 1
- [ ] Decision 2
- [ ] ...

## Action Items
- [ ] Action 1
- [ ] Action 2
- [ ] ...
