docs/about-us.md, before:

---
id: about-us
title: "About the Distinguished Engineer SIG"
---

## Who We Are

We are a **Community of Distinguished Engineers** — technical experts from leading multinational financial institutions.  We act as a community independent from any organisational biases.

As a **Special Interest Group (SIG)** within the [**Fintech Open Source Foundation (FINOS)**](https://finos.org), we are united by a shared mission to use our expertise for positive societal impact.

## How We Can Help

We offer **technical leadership and guidance** to organisations we believe are worthy of our time, helping them scale innovation and define sustainable technology strategies.

Our goal is to **amplify our societal impact** by becoming a trusted advisor and partner with organisations who need our help in setting technology direction and help them solve the most complex challenges.

## What We Do

We bring deep technical experience to bear on your toughest challenges. Our capabilities include:

* Defining long-term technology direction
* Solving complex, large-scale technical problems
* Mentoring senior engineers and influencing tech leads
* Aligning engineering efforts with strategic business goals
* Shaping architectural decisions across teams and organizations
* Driving innovation through research and prototyping
* Helping you understand implications of emerging technologies

## Why Choose the Distinguished Engineer SIG?

We operate by a core set of **guiding principles**:

* We **listen** first
* We **collaborate** openly
* We **learn** continuously
* We **innovate** with purpose

Above all, we share our expertise with **humility, passion, and dedication** — without judgment, and without prejudice. Our goal is to leave every organization and person we work with stronger, smarter, and better equipped for the future.






- Register for future meetings: https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/94448504669?password=eae95588-ef7e-4d50-a03b-7e8c64fb14d0&invite=true

Commit message:

adding mission statement to homepage and about us
Signed-off-by: kriswest <kristopher.west@natwest.com>

docs/about-us.md, after:

---
id: about-us
title: "About the DE SIG"
---

## Our Mission Statement

_"Our mission is to facilitate a trusted, accredited network of distinguished engineers and senior technology leaders who provide independent advice, strategic guidance and mentorship to worthy causes and Communities. Through our collective efforts, we seek to empower impactful initiatives, promote responsible use of technology, and do good in society beyond the boundaries of our industry roles."_

## Who We Are

We are a **Community of Distinguished Engineers** — technical experts from leading multinational financial institutions.  We act as a community independent from any organisational biases.

As a **Special Interest Group (SIG)** within the [**Fintech Open Source Foundation (FINOS)**](https://finos.org), we are united by a shared mission to use our expertise for positive societal impact.

## How We Can Help

We offer **technical leadership and guidance** to organisations we believe are worthy of our time, helping them scale innovation and define sustainable technology strategies.

Our goal is to **amplify our societal impact** by becoming a trusted advisor and partner with organisations who need our help in setting technology direction and help them solve the most complex challenges.

## What We Do

We bring deep technical experience to bear on your toughest challenges. Our capabilities include:

* Defining long-term technology direction
* Solving complex, large-scale technical problems
* Mentoring senior engineers and influencing tech leads
* Aligning engineering efforts with strategic business goals
* Shaping architectural decisions across teams and organizations
* Driving innovation through research and prototyping
* Helping you understand implications of emerging technologies

## Why Choose the Distinguished Engineer SIG?

We operate by a core set of **guiding principles**:

* We **listen** first
* We **collaborate** openly
* We **learn** continuously
* We **innovate** with purpose

Above all, we share our expertise with **humility, passion, and dedication** — without judgment, and without prejudice. Our goal is to leave every organization and person we work with stronger, smarter, and better equipped for the future.

<!-- - Register for future meetings: https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/94448504669?password=eae95588-ef7e-4d50-a03b-7e8c64fb14d0&invite=true -->
